what's up it's good to kick it with you
again now i heard about this tv show
called square games and i'm not sure if
it's about to be trash
or fire but i figured we should watch it
together since i picked this one i'm
gonna let you get the next one though so
if you want to see anything else or if
you want to just keep watching this one
with each other let me know down below
anyways let's hop right into it and
let's see what we think about this show
i'm expecting this show to be the best
thing since sliced bread the way people
been hyping it up shaped like a
squid children are divided into two
groups i've never heard this game before
allowed to hop on one foot have you
played it in order to win the attackers
must tap the small closed off space on
the squid's head with their foot
is this actually a real game or did they
just make this up for this tv show
that light green light episode one my
daily allowance or what
no
remember young's birthday is today go
and get her something for dinner later
either that's his girl or he got a kid
one or two
but the way the mom talking it must be
it must be like a skate or something
will you stop working so much
bruh
pin number changed on you huh
oh that's so trifling you stole
her her credit card what did that woman
change it to huh
you don't know your own mother's
birthday and you can't say it
meaning it's not the same every year use
your brain
oh god damn it bong again
i really gotta think about this one
please select the amount you would like
to
ah the old woman cares about her
granddaughter more than her old i knew
it had to be either the granddaughter or
his older lady wanted to
[Applause]
go
do you have to be the rules with an
animal
he gave me real gambler problem pops
yes his daughter's birthday is his lucky
number
hope you're excited
can get something really expensive
tonight huh oh
bro you better quit quick keep on
running bro forget that
bro people are chasing you if i knock
somebody now i'm like okay i got you
later
damn you dropped it hey kid you okay
wait or did she take it
did he drop it or did she take it or was
it just a random hole in your pocket oh
i'm not watching this part i'm not
watching this part if you don't pay it
off by next month
i'll take one of your kidneys you don't
like it why do i feel like you're not
joking but you don't know what you
signed in
you have one month take care of yourself
i'm sorry
to even ask but may i please borrow ten
thousand
that's trifling i think it's so dope
to see how like different things are in
different countries you know what i'm
saying even even like what is this
called the uh
claw machine it looks completely
different there than it does here
oh is this his little daughter
huge mosquito bite
i'm not allowed to have it at home mom
says it's junk food
like all of this stuff i just find so
interesting like i don't know what
taboki is
but it looks fine
bro you know if your mom don't want you
to have to bulky she definitely don't
want you to have it
looks like the real deal does it now be
honest if you had a kid
and somebody gave that to your kid
i'll keep it there just till you get a
look what you're doing you let him keep
it
why did you bring her back so late she's
not dressed for the cold all right
didn't i it's her birthday let's not
yell
hey
i'm hey
all right let's go
i don't believe in jesus
it's not that
yeah immediately shut it down
quick pose in the video because i know
you're gonna point it out you want to
know what that sound is in the
background that ain't nothing but my
little man trying to say what's up so if
you're here throughout the video
it's just something i'm saying hey y'all
oh we got that bread
like all of these games
i've never heard of
don't do it you can't afford it don't do
it don't do it just walk away you pull a
scammer you rip me off with another i'll
kill you well what a lighter
[Music]
oh hmm
the hell man
one more round
that's why you messed up
at least you finally won some i did it i
won no sir
there are other games like this where
you can make even more
hey don't do it
you signed away your physical rights
your justin sign is like boy you've been
divorced for about three years your
daughter's 10 years old 160 million juan
oh just to loan sharks
he with the feds or something
this dude you just met told you your
life story and you bout to just
trust that
it's all tonight i haven't had a dream
because
you gamble again
yup he did i earned it all this time it
was all a chat
is it really like that like
if you speak multiple languages if you
if you go a little bit wild without
speaking it do you just forget it or
it's just like riding a bike you can
pick it up
whenever you want to this card earlier
do you wish to participate in the game
desperate times to participate
password
this is sketch red light green
um
how long will it take
[Music]
oh his mask is dope
excuse me sir
you will be eliminated
i mean it sounds simple enough
without being eliminated
with that let the game begin
red light
eliminated
green lights
[Music]
oh
my
god red light
you can't stay there much longer
i think that doll senses when you move
around yep
you cross you
should about to get him killed
[Music]
bruh
be honest you giving this one a l or w
because me personally i enjoyed episode
one as always it's dope kicking it with
you and the real question is are you
ready to watch the next episode
or do you want to move on to something
else let me know down below